[14404] Added ROS 2 instructions (#23)
eProsima/vulcanexus: docs/rst/installation/linux_source_installation.rst

===============================

This section explains how to build Vulcanexus in Ubuntu Focal.
Since Vulcanexus is a ROS 2 all-in-one tool set, certain ROS 2 prerequisites need to be met before building.

ROS 2 prerequisites
-------------------

> First of all, setup a `UTF-8` locale as required by ROS 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First of all, set up a `UTF-8` locale as required by ROS 2.
```

This typo is also in the other section. Please, fix it in both installation guides.

And then add ROS 2 repository to the repository manager sources list.

.. code-block:: bash

    echo "deb [arch=$(dpkg --print-architecture) signed-by=/usr/share/keyrings/ros-archive-keyring.gpg] http://packages.ros.org/ros2/ubuntu $(source /etc/os-release && echo $UBUNTU_CODENAME) main" | sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/ros2.list > /dev/null

With the ROS 2 repository properly set up the next step is to install the required dependencies and tools for cloning and testing the ROS 2 packages within the workspace.

.. code-block:: bash

    sudo apt update && sudo apt install -y \
    build-essential \
    cmake \
    git \
    python3-colcon-common-extensions \
    python3-flake8 \
    python3-pip \
    python3-pytest-cov \
    python3-rosdep \
    python3-setuptools \
    python3-vcstool \
    wget
    # install some pip packages needed for testing
    python3 -m pip install -U \
    flake8-blind-except \
    flake8-builtins \
    flake8-class-newline \
    flake8-comprehensions \
    flake8-deprecated \
    flake8-docstrings \
    flake8-import-order \
    flake8-quotes \
    pytest-repeat \
    pytest-rerunfailures \
    pytest \
    setuptools

> 

Reviewer: Please, remove extra blank line
